Hi everyone, thanks for joining the Q1 Business Review.
Today we'll cover performance metrics, customer feedback, and strategic initiatives.
Let me start with the revenue numbers. We hit 127% of our Q1 target.
ARR grew from $2.3M to $3.1M, driven primarily by enterprise upsells.
Our Net Revenue Retention is at 134%, which is best-in-class for our segment.
That's impressive growth. How's customer satisfaction tracking?
NPS score improved from 42 to 58 this quarter.
The AI-powered features we launched in February got overwhelmingly positive feedback.
Excellent. Rachel, can you walk us through the product roadmap?
Sure. Our top priority for Q2 is the advanced analytics dashboard.
We're hearing from enterprise customers that they need better insights into usage patterns.
We're building custom reports, data exports, and API access for integration.
On the engineering side, we're also investing in performance.
Goal is to reduce page load times by 50% and API response times by 30%.
We're migrating to edge computing and implementing aggressive caching.
How's the infrastructure cost looking with these changes?
Actually decreasing. Moving to edge reduces our cloud spend.
We're projecting 25% cost reduction while improving performance. Win-win.
That's crucial because we're planning aggressive hiring in Q2.
We need to scale the team to support our growth trajectory.
Let's talk about the competitive landscape. Any concerns?
Our main competitor launched a similar AI feature last week.
But from what I've seen, ours is significantly more accurate and user-friendly.
We have first-mover advantage and better execution.
We also have deeper integrations with enterprise tools.
Salesforce, Teams, Slack - our ecosystem is more comprehensive.
Good. What are the biggest risks we're facing for Q2?
Churn risk with our mid-market segment.
We've seen a couple of downgrades due to budget constraints in the current economy.
We need to be proactive with customer success outreach.
Action item: I'll work with CS to create a health score system.
Flag at-risk accounts early so we can intervene before they churn.
From an engineering perspective, technical debt is accumulating.
We've been shipping fast. Need to allocate 20% of sprint capacity to refactoring.
Agreed. Let's not compromise long-term velocity for short-term wins.
Okay, strategic initiatives for Q2. Top three priorities?
One: Launch in European market. GDPR compliance is ready.
Two: Ship the enterprise tier with advanced security features.
Three: Build out the developer platform and API marketplace.
Perfect. Timeline on each?
Europe launch: May 15th.
Enterprise tier: June 1st.
Developer platform: July beta, August GA.
Everyone clear on dependencies and ownership?
Yes, I'll own the go-to-market for Europe.
I've got product and design for enterprise tier.
And I'll lead the developer platform initiative.
Excellent. Last topic - team morale and culture.
How are people feeling with the increased pace?
Engineering team is energized but we need to watch for burnout.
I'm implementing no-meeting Wednesdays for deep work time.
Product team is excited about the customer impact we're having.
Seeing positive reviews and testimonials is incredibly motivating.
Sales is crushing it. Pipeline is healthy.
We're hiring two more AEs to handle the inbound volume.
Great energy across the board. Keep it up, team.
Final action items before we close?
I'll send out the Q2 product roadmap doc by end of week.
I'll share the technical architecture plan for developer platform.
And I'll circulate the Europe launch timeline with all stakeholders.
Perfect. Thanks everyone for a productive review.
Let's make Q2 even better than Q1!
Thanks! / Let's do it! / Excited!